Add "Updating contents and UI images" and "Git cherry-pick" sections to the contributing guidelines (#550)
mautic/user-documentation: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

4. Submit it for review.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> If you mistakenly based your PR on the wrong branch or selected the wrong branch when creating a PR, as in step 2, follow the steps in the next "[Git cherry-pick](#git-cherry-pick)" section.

#### Git cherry-pick

Say you need to update the documentation for version `7.0`. By mistake, you create a new branch from branch `6.0` and work on this branch. Or you correctly apply your changes based on branch `7.0`, but when you create the PR, you forgot to set the base branch to `7.0`.

> When this happens, our maintainers will ask you to rebase your PR. You can either [rebase your PR](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/rewriting-history/git-rebase) or create a new PR and use [git cherry-pick](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/cherry-pick) to incorporate your commits as follows:

Reviewer: 1. These should be made into link macros @adiati98.
2. Need to add the word 'rebase' to the accept.txt file for Vale.
3. Need to convert passive->Active tense

```suggestion
If this happens, a request is made by the Education Team maintainers to rebase your PR. You can either [rebase your PR](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/rewriting-history/git-rebase) or create a new PR and use [git cherry-pick](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/cherry-pick) to incorporate your commits as follows:
```

Author: @RCheesley I'm not sure if the vale also work for markdown files outside `/docs` directory. Should we try it anyway?

Reviewer: Ahhh, it was flagging those up as errors, I didn't realise it was a markdown file - sorry! Ignore the comments on link macros in that case!

Author: Noted! Also, does adding the word to accept.txt file would get rid the Vale?

Author: Vale is not screaming anymore without adding the 'rebase' word to accept.txt. So I leave it as is. 👍🏼

Reviewer: OK! Yeah adding words to accept.txt which are valid words but it thinks are a mis-type is how we get around that.

Author: Okay. This is super confusing. After I replied and resolve this comment, the Vale is warning us again about the word 'rebase'. So, I added it to accept.txt anyway! 😅

Reviewer: It's probably because it takes a bit of time for the GitHub Actions to run, so it will remove any warnings until the new checks are done. Great re. getting it fixed though! :D

   ```bash
   On branch BRANCH-NAME
   You are currently cherry-picking commit XXXXXXX.
      (all conflicts fixed: run "git cherry-pick --continue")
      (use "git cherry-pick --skip" to skip this patch)
      (use "git cherry-pick --abort" to cancel the cherry-pick operation)

   nothing to commit, working tree clean
   The previous cherry-pick is now empty, possibly due to conflict resolution.
   If you wish to commit it anyway, use:

      git commit --allow-empty

   Otherwise, please use 'git cherry-pick --skip'
   ```

   If the files are in the state you want them to be, and you don't need a commit in your history, use the recommended skip option:

   ```bash
   git cherry-pick --skip
   ```

   If you want to have a record in your history showing that you attempted to apply this specific commit, use the command Git suggests:

   ```bash
   git commit --allow-empty
   ```

7. [Push your changes](#push-changes-to-the-remote-repository) to the remote repository.
8. [Create a new PR](#create-a-pr). Ensure you change the base branch to the appropriate version branch before clicking the 'Create pull request' button.

## Getting started

> This project is built with [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) and hosted on the [Read the Docs platform](https://readthedocs.org).

Reviewer: 1. This needs to use link macros
2. Passive -> Active

```suggestion
We built this project with [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) and host it on the [Read the Docs platform](https://readthedocs.org).
```

> The contents are available in the `docs/` directory and written in [reStructuredText (RST)](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/index.html).

Reviewer: 1. This needs to use link macros
2. Passive -> Active

```suggestion
The `docs/` directory contains the content, written in [reStructuredText (RST)](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/index.html).
```

> - Ensure that you wrap the sentences that you'd like Vale to skip with both `.. vale off` and `.. vale on` statements, in order. Failing to do so results in Vale lint skipping the rest of the contents.
> - Don't add statements to skip lint, unless necessary. If you're uncertain, it's best not to wrap them in the statements and let the team review and provide suggestions.

## Updating contents and UI images

To update the documentation contents and Mautic user interface (UI) images, you need to install and review Mautic to ensure accuracy.

> Please read the [Tester](https://contribute.mautic.org/en/latest/contributing/tester.html) page in the community handbook for complete instructions on installing Mautic.

Reviewer: Please update to use the correct page linking macro.
